Date,Time,Attendees ,Discussion of work done from previous week,Discussion of work to be done for next week
03/10/2022,02:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,"As this was our first group meeting, we discussed how our game would be structured based on the theme Endless Runner",To research other endless runner games and come up with more ideas for our discussed Game called Dimension run
10/10/2022,03:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,Discussed about how the different worlds in our game would have their own set difficulty level. Thought of maybe having a leader board stored in a text file which would be added towards the end. Talked about the idea of the player maybe having a weapon and with that a secondary inventory system to store that weapon. Further more talked about possible enemy types and power-ups that had a timed use which the player could pickup throughout his run.,On Monday we looked through the technical proposal and what information was required so that on Wednesday we could begin to fill out the proposal and finalize it next Monday
17/10/2022,03:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,"Submitted our finalized technical proposal. Discussed power-ups more in detail like double jump, invincibility, slow speed, magnet and laser beam. We decided that these power-ups would aid the player in collecting coins and out maneuvering enemies. In terms of enemies we decided to have 3 types, ranging from small, medium and large with each having their weakness which the player could exploit to avoid or kill. Our player would have an inventory of size 3 to store power-ups to use against enemies and obstacles like, a spike trap. Coins would be added to the final score which would be the players distance. Together we looked through potential assets and soundtracks for our endless runner on sites like itch.io. Further talked about the merging points of the two worlds and had ideas like having a interference noise between the soundtracks when switching worlds.",Discussed everyone's part in which they would need to talk about from our game in the upcoming presentation and have slides ready for next week.
24/10/2022,03:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,"Finalized our presentation. Discussed the different kind of worlds we would have like dark forest and desert as an example. Decided on not having guns in our game as the player could easily spam it making the run too easy at certain times. We talked about having a boss that would appear at the right side of the screen but decided it wasn't a good idea as we already didn't have guns to shoot it with. Discussed further on how our game would be procedural generated but decided for the time being to have a stationary level so that we could test the mechanics of our game. Successfully created a moving background. 3 types of obstacles will exist including ground, small and head height. Discussed the possibility of having a tutorial for how to play. We had created classes for player, enemy etc."," Work on player, enemy, obstacle, and collision classes"
07/11/2022,03:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,"Discussed about enemy, player, obstacle and collision class. Identified problems like the soundtrack in the sound manager class not working when the game is launched and only begins to play when exiting the game. Game collisions keep occurring when game is paused. Talked about the collisions and how we would detect if colliding with player and so decided to set separate collision zones for the head, arms and feet.","Set collision zones for the head, arms and feet of player. Fix soundtrack. Set up a place on Github so that we can report issues, set up a Progress board to keep track of all work done"
14/11/2022,02:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,Discussed about the working small enemy class. Got the head high level collision working between the player and obstacle. Temporary block obstacle created for testing. Identified a bug with the player and obstacle collisions and talked about how it could cause a problem with the collision and reset/spawning.,"Work on pickup, medium and large enemy classes. Sprite sheet required for the new medium and large enemy created. Create a level file. Jumping delay needs to be adjusted. "
28/11/2022,02:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,Discussed about how we implemented the floor tile set and figured out how to create a gap in the tile set. Had difficulties in coming up with a solution for moving the tile set and so researched a book on how to move the tile set using random generation.,"Our plan for the week is to implement random generation for the pickup, coin, enemies and  floor. "
12/12/2022,10:30,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,Continued work on alternate way of generating the map as previous method wasn't ideal for what we wanted to accomplish. ,"Finish the new generation of the Map, fix the player sprite sheet and get collisions with tile working."
07/12/2022,13:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,Full remodelling of code to make future work on the game easier,Fixing errors in the remodelling code and getting visuals back on screen
21/12/2022,09:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,Got assets for the multiple types of enemy and put them into sprite sheets. We also created classes for Enemy objects,The plan is to get the floor spawning in as well as refining collisions
18/01/2023,14:00,Ryan;Ali;Harry,Worked on adding more enemies and began Java implementation for level generation. ,Get enemies finished over the weekend. Start of the week continue with Java map generation. Implement HUD.
,,,,
22/12/2022,17:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,Discussed what has been completed so far and for the people who haven't done anything yet need to get working. Discussed how reading week went and what has changed in the project since then. ,Discussed the activity over the coming days for christmas and when we would meet again. Mainly discussed everything that is left in the project and the final document and due dates
30/12/2022,18:00,Ryan;Ali;Harry,Discussed the christmas week and how activity was and will be going forward. Discussed Eddie's contribution to the project ,"Discussed the final code rework which now will allow the movement to be done the way we want and that its the final full code rework. Discussed some plans on how the map generation will work. Considering changing the map gen into the project instead of being done through java. Discusses the enemies we need. Discussed everything needing to be done.
"
07/01/2023,19:00,Ryan;Ali;Harry,"Movement is completed just needs to be refined a little bit. Basics of the map gen is done and how it will generally work. Still done in the java file but thinking of moving it to c++. 
Some more enemies have been added.",Discussed where we want the map gen to be next week. Discussed the enemies we want to be done for next week. Sounds that need to be added. Started talking about the document and when we need to be finished coding by. 
13/01/2023,12:00,Ryan;Ali;Harry,"Completely moved map generation to the c++ map file and moved away from java. 
Refined some values throughout the project. Created some hand made temporary maps so we can continue to test the game",Work on a game over screen. Refine some more values with collisions and the player and current enemies. Try and figure out another way to do the coin counting or we need to remove the coin completely. 
18/01/2023,14:00,Ryan;Ali;Harry,Quick talk on where the project is at and where we want it to be. Talked about the things we wont have time to implement. Discussed the coin and how we cant get it to count properly when the map changes,"Try and get Eddie into a call and talk about the project. Figure out the coin. Work more on the map gen and get it working better
"
23/01/2023,21:00,Ryan;Ali;Eddie;Harry,Discussed all the previous work done on the project with Eddie. Told him about him not showing up or contributing anything. Talked about whats left with just the enemies and map gen. Talked about the document.,Eddie made no effort to want to do anything. Discussed the basics of the document and when we need to start it. Talked about how the map generation is going to look like. Discussed the last few enemies we needed. 
27/01/2023,17:00,Ryan;Ali;Harry,Everything we can get done for the project is now finished. Some final values need to be tweaked with the enemies hit boxes and the map generation sizes.,Document to be started. Made the initial plan and who is doing which parts. Moved it to the google doc so it can be updated in real time and we can read each others parts as we go
